feat(js): Add SvelteKit SDK Docs (#6808)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/sourcemaps/primer/javascript.sveltekit.mdx

> `@sentry/sveltekit` will generate and upload source maps automatically, so that errors in Sentry will show you readable stacktraces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@sentry/sveltekit` will generate and upload source maps automatically, so that errors in Sentry will contain readable stack traces.
```

> To upload source maps, the SvelteKit SDK uses the [Sentry Vite Plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript-bundler-plugins/blob/main/packages/vite-plugin) under the hood. See the [Manual Configuration](../manual-setup/#configure-source-maps-upload) page and the Sentry [Webpack Vite documentation](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript-bundler-plugins/tree/main/packages/vite-plugin#configuration) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SvelteKit SDK uses the [Sentry Vite Plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript-bundler-plugins/blob/main/packages/vite-plugin) to upload source maps. See the [Manual Configuration](../manual-setup/#configure-source-maps-upload) page and the Sentry [Webpack Vite documentation](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript-bundler-plugins/tree/main/packages/vite-plugin#configuration) for more details.
```
